[Prometheus.HttpListener] Add Host and Port options (#7114)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus.HttpListener/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Added `Host` and `Port` properties on `PrometheusHttpListenerOptions`
  for configuring the HTTP listener endpoint. The
  `PrometheusHttpListenerOptions.UriPrefixes` property is now obsolete and

>   will be removed in the stable release.

Reviewer: Post merge review, maybe we could remove it before stabilization

```suggestion
  will be removed in the future release.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm in the middle of creating issues to track stabilisation work, there'll be one to track the removal.

## Unreleased

* Added `Host` and `Port` properties on `PrometheusHttpListenerOptions`
  for configuring the HTTP listener endpoint. `Host` defaults to
  `"localhost"` and `Port` defaults to `9464`. When `UriPrefixes` is
  explicitly set, it continues to take precedence over `Host`/`Port`.
  ([#7107](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7114))

> * Marked `PrometheusHttpListenerOptions.UriPrefixes` as obsolete in favor
>   of `Host` and `Port`. Behavior is unchanged; existing code that sets
>   `UriPrefixes` continues to work. The property is scheduled for removal
>   prior to the stable release.
>   ([#7107](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7114))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added `Host` and `Port` properties on `PrometheusHttpListenerOptions`
  for configuring the HTTP listener endpoint. The
  `PrometheusHttpListenerOptions.UriPrefixes` property is now obsolete and
  will be removed in the stable release.
  ([#7107](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7114))
```
